net: add drop event for net server (#43582)
nodejs/node: doc/api/net.md

Emitted when the server has been bound after calling [`server.listen()`][].

### Event: `'drop'`

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Emitted when the server drops a connection.

Reviewer: Could explain in which condition a connection is dropped?

Author: > Could explain in which condition a connection is dropped?

Thanks ! Done !

Emitted when the server has been bound after calling [`server.listen()`][].

### Event: `'drop'`

> 

Reviewer 2: Could we add the data property description? something like that:

```
* `data` {Object} The argument passed to event listener.
  * `localAddress` {string}  Local address.
  * `localPort` {number} Local port.
  * `remoteAddress` {string} Remote address.
  * `remotePort` {number} Remote port.
  * `remoteFamily` {string} Remote IP family. `'IPv4'` or `'IPv6'`.
```

Author: > ```gfm
> * `data` {Object} The argument passed to event listener.
>   * `localAddress` {string}  Local address.
>   * `localPort` {number} Local port.
>   * `remoteAddress` {string} Remote address.
>   * `remotePort` {number} Remote port.
>   * `remoteFamily` {string} Remote IP family. `'IPv4'` or `'IPv6'`.
> ```

Thanks ! Done !

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> When the number of conenctions reached the threshold(`server.maxConnections`),

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When the number of connections reaches the threshold of `server.maxConnections`,
```

> the server will drop the connection and emit drop event. If it is a TCP server,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
the server will drop new connections and emit `'drop'` event instead. If it is a TCP server,
```

> the arguments is as follow, otherwise return `undefined`.

Reviewer 3: Do we need to explicitly call out that this is a TCP server here?

> When the number of connections reaches the threshold of `server.maxConnections`,
> the server will drop new connections and emit `'drop'` event instead. If it is a
> TCP server, the arguments is as follow, otherwise return `undefined`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the number of connections reaches the threshold of `server.maxConnections`,
the server will drop new connections and emit `'drop'` event instead. If it is a
TCP server, the argument is as follows, otherwise, the argument is `undefined`.
```

Author: Done !
